Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
It's entrance exam season lately, right?
Although I haven't done any tests
I know it's a hard thing to go through
Therefore...
I’ve looked up about tests
And found "Things that can't be said to test takers"
And that's...
Fai◯
I want to help humans out!
So today! I am going to ◯◯il for all the test takers!
[Starting from impersonation]
"Kizuna AI..."
"Kizuna AI!"
"KIZuna AI!"
"KIZUNA AI!!"
"Shut up!!"
"Kizuna AI's
Virtual skit
Hamburger restaurant"
"Excuse me, can I have a hamburger set?"
"Sure, are you having it here? Or take out?"
"Please transfer them as data"
"You can't even eat them if you do that!!"
Playing Shiritori#1 myself!
(Japanese word game in which the players are required to say a word which begins with the final kana of the previous word)
Shirito[ri] （しりと[り]）
[Ri]a coast（[リ]アス式かいが[ん]#2）
Oh...
Okay! Game over!
Ding! Ding! Ding!
Hey, hey, hey, hey! Look here, look here!
Ummmmm, elbow!
Okay! With that, I’m now done
I’m mentally very tired!!
For all the test takers, I know it's going to be hard but...
Don't give up!
I'll never give up on my dreams or things I want to do
To keep on doing something... is a tough job and hard, but...
I’m not going to give up on them so you shouldn't too!!
I hope, from my heart, that everyone can achieve their dream!
This was from Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai!
See you later!
We need more translators!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by ロリコ